Document `zcash_note_encryption` non-local dependency rationale & doc work-around. (#858)
zcash/librustzcash: components/zcash_note_encryption/README.md

[`zcash_primitives`]: https://crates.io/crates/zcash_primitives
[`orchard`]: https://crates.io/crates/orchard

## Cross-Workspace Dependency Cycle

> There is a cross-workspace cyclic dependency: `zcash_client_backend` (local)
> depends on [`orchard`](https://github.com/zcash/orchard) which depends on this crate
> `zcash_note_encryption`. For this reason `zcash_client_backend` does not depend on the local
> `zcash_note_encryption` crate, but rather the published crate release.

Reviewer: That isn't cyclic, right? The issue is that `zcash_client_backend` might depend on a different version of `zcash_note_encryption` to `orchard`; not that there is any cycle in the dependency graph (which Rust and `cargo` do not support).
```suggestion
There is a cross-workspace dependency that requires care with versioning:
`zcash_client_backend` (local) depends on [`orchard`](https://github.com/zcash/orchard)
which depends on this crate `zcash_note_encryption`. For this reason `zcash_client_backend`
does not depend on the local `zcash_note_encryption` crate, but rather the published crate
release.
```
